Nanako, the cause of your father's death has been found
Here it is.
Long Shuai no, he is not Long Shuai
His name is Liao Fan
He is a Youwu who is proficient in sneak attacks and assassinations
He was the one who attacked the seriously injured father first
To let your father die in the duel
I see
I always wondered if my father was a ninja god
How can you lose to the dragon rate?
It turned out to be a sneak attack
According to the rules you know about privacy
Duelists live and die without retribution
But stealers have to pay, I understand
Since the imperial master has given me the truth
Then I will definitely bring back Liao Fan's head myself
Remember, there is also Gao Xiaoyun's head
Don't push me out of the way.
Someone is outside
Don't scare the snake
It should be Chen Tianjiao's people spying on us.
Waiting for vegetables
Biliaofan forced his hand
When Liao Fan's injury worsens
Everyone has to be dealt with at once
Otherwise, there will be a desire to slip through the net
Dragon play is injured
Nanako is still no match
Nanako's discipline in killing Long Shuai is only 20%
Don't get your hopes up
Are we going in for a sneak attack this time?
Don't act rashly
Ouyang Mu and Owen are both top experts
The two of us have nothing to gain
Chacha, you know him?
He is the daughter of the ninja god
It is said that he got all the true biographies of the ninja god
I hope he didn't find trouble with Liao Fan just in time